I talked to Dan for two hours Thursday night. That was awesome.  We were tight in high school and this past summer we met in Chicago at Small Cheval after not talking for years. It was nice to reconnect and it was like I rediscovered a part of my self I'd lost or otherwise forgotten. 

Dan talks slowly. My girlfriend (I love her dearly) once told me I talk slowly. Sometimes I get worried that smart people talk fast. Media sometimes depicts smart people as talking fast. I've worried that my cognitive processing is slow because I like to talk slowly. But I think slow speech and silence allows my ideas to spread out and breathe. We had long silences and surprisingly candid conversation, and I feel slightly a coward to say *he* broached the most taboo topics. It was pretty relaxing. It was also refreshing to hear a relatively unconcerned perspective. Dan is focused on his research and not much else. He hasn't thought about buying a house, I asked him. Some of my friends are *ripping* real estate right now.

Sometimes I hope for a greater sense of urgency or motivation. There's a flavor of compulsion that is palatable to me, I know it's out there. We're compelled by all sorts of reasons - conditional love from our parents, competitive pressures, generally - ideas (a previous landlord and friend Gunduz Vassaf wrote a book (Prisoners of Ourselves) that wonderfully contributes to this discourse).

Dan discussed the 'emptiness of experience' - we have these perceptions and ideas about the world, but there are infinite perspectives outside of our own that result in different perceptions and ideas - at any given moments we experience only one of infinite experiences, and that suggests an emptiness about our own experience. I bounced this off Alex and he remarked that it reminds him of how drastically different egoless perception is - when an observer removes the self from perception. Usually, we think of ourselves as a locus of perception, and that influences how view the world. It seems like things are happening to us, but really, things are just happening. In fact, "the self" is just a process that is happening and we can observe it. Which makes you wonder: if I can observe the self, what am *I*? Well, the self is a weird recursive process. This idea that we are not a "self" and are not distinct from the things we're thinking is non-dualty - where perception is not characterized by subject and object, everything is the same type. This is probably very confusing, fuzzy, and wrong so hit me up and let's talk about it :)

We also discussed Donald Knuth's argument that God need not have *infinite* power to be all-powerful. He argues that God could have a power level that is a *very* big number - magnitudes larger than the number of atoms in the universe, and that would be sufficient. He spends a lot of time building intuition and making analogies about this very large number. 

Is there any object more abundant than the smallest subatomic particles? Because whatever's the second most abundant object would presumably need to be made of these particles, I'd think. 

I recently listened to Balaji Srinivasan on Sam Harris's podcast. He talks very quickly. I felt a little intimidated by how smart and sure of himself he seemed, as well as by his impressive resume. He had a lot of interesting ideas, but I become weary when people often follow their sentences with "Right?" Too many times. I want to say: "No?" Saying "Right?" seems to assume the correctness of an argument - and now it's up to me to simply confirm that the arugment is indeed right.

At one point he called out a schism between newly rich tech people and east coast elites and estasblishments. He seems to think in the future. He got me really thinking about the power of blockchain to solve social problems, through things like DAOs. I do think he was a bit over the top, basically suggesting blockchain could solve a lot of the biggest social and political problems. Maybe even that it *will*. And I just think that there are a lot of other unexplored ideas that might prove more fruitful. Related: I'm amazed DeFi has billions of dollars in liquidity. 

I feel like YouTube is some of the worst of the mainstream. I went on snapchat recently and I'm appalled by the feed algorithm. Maybe it's my fault. Maybe I'm trash. Should there be more regulation of big tech? Should Instagram say "so much of our content is bad for society that it's unethical to continue this cash cow?". I wanted to write a lot about this topic, but it might need to be a separate post. Basically, there's a serious problem with how media companies profit off and don't care about people, the youth especially, using an ultra powerful mind shaping technology and how our government does nothing about it.

Is the United States broken? Alex and I talked about how we can fix things.  I do not feel that their is social cohesion. I do not feel like part of a unified whole. I feel like we're part of the internet - the internet gets content published to it, we consume it, and so we're along for the ride. We have been subsumed by the internet. 

Recently, I've been liking the phrase "that's crazy enough that it might work".